early in the war thousands of
Palestinians took Refuge from Israeli
attacks in the Naser Hospital in KH
yunes now many of them are buried here
civil defense Crews have discovered
hundreds of bodies on the grounds of the
medical complex now Al is still looking
for her son's
remains I am here to find the body of my
son his name is Allah Salim Al atal his
brother told me that he buried him here
we came from far away more than once and
on foot but we didn't find him we've
been trying for the past two weeks
Israeli forces withdrew from Khan Unice
on April the 7th after four months of
intense raids and air strikes leaving
behind the trail of Destruction and
massive Graves the teams who recovered
the dead say some were shut from behind
executionist style others were found
with their hands tied behind their backs
many more are believed to be buried on
the grounds of the largest medical
facility in southern Gaza
the identified bodies were delivered to
their families and we as civil defense
keep the unified bodies take note of any
distinguished marks for each of them
then we bury them another massive grave
yet more Palestinian bodies are
retrieved from this side whose names
might not be remembered their identities
are largely lost in an unprecedented War
lost but remembered those who have have
been identified will now receive a
proper farewell for countless others the
search continues more than 7,000 people
are still missing across the Gaza Strip
most of them women and children an
Mahmud Al jaaz in southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer